README.md, before:

# CommandLineParser

A powerful and intuitive .NET library for parsing command-line arguments with minimal code. CommandLineParser simplifies command-line interface development by using attributes to define parameters, their validation rules, and automatic help generation.

## Features

* **Declarative Parameter Definition**: Define parameters using attributes on class properties
* **Automatic Type Conversion**: Supports all primitive types, nullable types, DateTime, enums, and custom formatting
* **Enum Support**: Native enum parsing with automatic name matching (case-insensitive) and numeric index support, with optional custom value mapping
* **Built-in Validation**: Comprehensive validation attributes for common scenarios (email, IP addresses, file/directory existence, regex patterns, enumerated values)
* **Verb Support**: Implement Git-like verb commands (e.g., `git commit`, `git push`) with separate parameter sets per verb
* **Default Verbs**: Define a default verb that executes when no verb is specified
* **Parameter Dependencies**: Define required and incompatible parameter relationships
* **Automatic Help Generation**: Generate help text automatically using `--help`, `-h`, `/?`, or `-help`
* **Specific Exceptions**: Typed exceptions with clear, descriptive error messages for easy troubleshooting
* **Standard Conventions**: Follows Linux/Unix command-line conventions, compatible with .NET Core CLI tools

## Compatibility

Built on [.NET Standard 2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/net-standard?tabs=net-standard-2-0), CommandLineParser is compatible with:

| Implementation | Framework Version |
| -------------- | ----------------- |
| .NET Framework | 4.6.1, 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1, 4.7.2, 4.8 |
| .NET and .NET Core | 2.0, 2.1, 2.2, 3.0, 3.1, 5.0, 6.0 and later |

## Installation

Install via NuGet:

```bash
dotnet add package Tresvi.CommandLineParser
```

Or using Package Manager:

```powershell
Install-Package Tresvi.CommandLineParser
```

## Quick Start

### Basic Example

```csharp
using Tresvi.CommandParser;
using Tresvi.CommandParser.Attributtes.Keywords;

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("inputfile", 'i', true, "Input file to process")]
    public string InputFile { get; set; }

    [Option("outputfile", 'o', false, "Output file path")]
    public string OutputFile { get; set; }

    [Flag("verbose", 'v', "Enable verbose output")]
    public bool Verbose { get; set; }
}

class Program
{
    static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        try
        {
            Parameters parameters = CommandLine.Parse<Parameters>(args);
            
            Console.WriteLine($"Processing: {parameters.InputFile}");
            if (parameters.Verbose)
                Console.WriteLine("Verbose mode enabled");
        }
        catch (Exception ex)
        {
            Console.WriteLine($"Error: {ex.Message}");
        }
    }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --inputfile "C:\data\input.txt" --outputfile "C:\data\output.txt" --verbose
# or
myProgram.exe -i "C:\data\input.txt" -o "C:\data\output.txt" -v
```

### Verbs Example (Git-like Commands)

```csharp
using Tresvi.CommandParser;
using Tresvi.CommandParser.Attributtes.Keywords;

[Verb("commit", "Record changes to the repository")]
public class Commit
{
    [Option("message", 'm', true, "Commit message")]
    public string Message { get; set; }

    [Flag("amend", 'a', "Amend previous commit")]
    public bool Amend { get; set; }
}

[Verb("push", "Update remote refs along with associated objects", isDefault: true)]
public class Push
{
    [Option("remote", 'r', false, "Remote repository name")]
    public string Remote { get; set; } = "origin";
}

class Program
{
    static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        try
        {
            object result = CommandLine.Parse(args, typeof(Commit), typeof(Push));
            
            if (result is Commit commit)
            {
                Console.WriteLine($"Committing: {commit.Message}");
            }
            else if (result is Push push)
            {
                Console.WriteLine($"Pushing to: {push.Remote}");
            }
        }
        catch (Exception ex)
        {
            Console.WriteLine($"Error: {ex.Message}");
        }
    }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe commit -m "Initial commit"
myProgram.exe push --remote upstream
myProgram.exe --remote upstream  # Uses default verb (push)
```

## Terminology

### Options
Parameters that accept a value. Can be required or optional. Use long name (prefixed with `--`) or short name (prefixed with `-`).

**Example:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --inputfile "C:\Temp\input.txt"
# or
myProgram.exe -i "C:\Temp\input.txt"
```

### Flags
Boolean parameters that don't require a value. When present, the property is set to `true`; otherwise, `false`.

**Example:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --recursive
# or
myProgram.exe -r
```

### Verbs
Commands that change the program's behavior mode. Each verb has its own class with associated Options and Flags. Similar to Git commands (`git commit`, `git push`, etc.).

**Example:**
```bash
git commit -m "This is a commit"
git add -A
```

In these examples, `commit` and `add` are verbs. The first has an Option `-m`, and the second has a Flag `-A`.

**Note:** All terms are **case-sensitive**.

## Validation Attributes

CommandLineParser provides several built-in validation attributes:

### File and Directory Validation
- `[FileExists]` - Validates that a file exists
- `[FileNotExists]` - Validates that a file does not exist
- `[DirectoryExists]` - Validates that a directory exists
- `[DirectoryNotExists]` - Validates that a directory does not exist

### Format Validation
- `[EmailValidation]` - Validates email address format
- `[IPValidation]` - Validates IP addresses (IPv4/IPv6, with optional port)
- `[RegexValidation]` - Validates using regular expressions
- `[EnumeratedValidation]` - Validates against a list of allowed values

### Enum Mapping
- `[EnumMap]` - Maps custom input values to enum values (allows aliases and custom names)

### Example with Validation

```csharp
public class Parameters
{
    [FileExists]
    [Option("config", 'c', true, "Configuration file path")]
    public string ConfigFile { get; set; }

    [EmailValidation]
    [Option("email", 'e', true, "Administrator email")]
    public string Email { get; set; }

    [EnumeratedValidation(new[] { "dev", "test", "prod" }, caseSensitive: false)]
    [Option("environment", 'e', false, "Environment (dev, test, prod)")]
    public string Environment { get; set; }
}
```

## Enum Support

CommandLineParser provides native support for enum types with automatic parsing and optional custom mapping.

### Basic Enum Usage

Enums are automatically detected and parsed. You can use enum names (case-insensitive) or numeric indices:

```csharp
public enum LogLevel
{
    Debug,
    Info,
    Warning,
    Error
}

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("level", 'l', false, "Logging level")]
    public LogLevel LogLevel { get; set; }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --level Info
myProgram.exe --level info        # Case-insensitive
myProgram.exe --level 1           # Numeric index
```

### Nullable Enums

Nullable enums are fully supported for optional parameters:

```csharp
public enum Environment
{
    Development,
    Staging,
    Production
}

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("env", 'e', false, "Target environment")]
    public Environment? Environment { get; set; }
}
```

### Custom Enum Mapping

Use `[EnumMap]` to define custom input values that map to enum values. This is useful for aliases or when you want to accept different names than the enum members:

```csharp
public enum OutputFormat
{
    Json,
    Xml,
    Csv,
    Yaml
}

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("format", 'f', false, "Output format")]
    [EnumMap("json", OutputFormat.Json)]
    [EnumMap("xml", OutputFormat.Xml)]
    [EnumMap("csv", OutputFormat.Csv)]
    [EnumMap("j", OutputFormat.Json)]  // Short alias
    [EnumMap("x", OutputFormat.Xml)]   // Short alias
    public OutputFormat Format { get; set; }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --format json
myProgram.exe --format j           # Short alias
myProgram.exe --format JSON        # Case-insensitive
```

**Note:** When `[EnumMap]` is used, only the mapped values are accepted. The automatic enum name parsing is disabled for that property.

### Enums with Custom Numeric Values

Enums with custom numeric values are fully supported:

```csharp
public enum Priority
{
    Low = 1,
    Medium = 5,
    High = 10,
    Critical = 99
}

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("priority", 'p', false, "Priority level")]
    public Priority Priority { get; set; }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --priority High
myProgram.exe --priority 10        # Numeric value
myProgram.exe --priority 1          # Numeric value
```

### Combining Enums with Validation

You can combine enum properties with `[EnumeratedValidation]` to restrict which enum values are accepted:

```csharp
public class Parameters
{
    [Option("level", 'l', false, "Logging level")]
    [EnumeratedValidation(new[] { "Debug", "Info", "Warning" })]
    public LogLevel LogLevel { get; set; }
}
```

This restricts the `LogLevel` to only `Debug`, `Info`, or `Warning` (rejecting `Error`).

## Parameter Relationships

### Required Parameters
Define that one parameter requires another:

```csharp
[Option("output", 'o', false, "Output file")]
[Requires(nameof(Input))]
public string Output { get; set; }

[Option("input", 'i', false, "Input file")]
public string Input { get; set; }
```

### Incompatible Parameters
Define that parameters cannot be used together:

```csharp
[Option("output", 'o', false, "Output file")]
[IncompatibleWith(nameof(Overwrite), nameof(Append))]
public string Output { get; set; }

[Flag("overwrite", 'w', "Overwrite existing file")]
[IncompatibleWith(nameof(Append))]
public bool Overwrite { get; set; }

[Flag("append", 'a', "Append to file")]
public bool Append { get; set; }
```

## Exception Handling

CommandLineParser throws specific exceptions for different error scenarios:

- `UnknownParameterException` - Unknown parameter provided
- `RequiredParameterNotFoundException` - Required parameter missing
- `ValueNotFoundException` - Parameter value missing
- `MultiInvocationParameterException` - Parameter used multiple times
- `MultiDefinitionParameterException` - Duplicate parameter definition
- `ParseValueException` - Value cannot be parsed or converted to the target type (e.g., invalid enum value)
- `InvalidFormatException` - Format validation failed
- `InvalidEmailAddressException` - Email validation failed
- `InvalidIPAddressException` - IP validation failed
- `IncompatibleParametersException` - Incompatible parameters used together
- And more...

**Example:**
```csharp
try
{
    Parameters parameters = CommandLine.Parse<Parameters>(args);
}
catch (RequiredParameterNotFoundException ex)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Missing required parameter: {ex.Message}");
}
catch (InvalidEmailAddressException ex)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Invalid email: {ex.Message}");
}
catch (CommandParserBaseException ex)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Parser error: {ex.Message}");
}
```

## Automatic Help Generation

Help is automatically generated when using standard help flags:

```bash
myProgram.exe --help
myProgram.exe -h
myProgram.exe /?
myProgram.exe -help
```

The help text lists all verbs (if using verbs), parameters, their types, whether they're required, and their descriptions.

## Examples

* [Basic Example](https://github.com/tresvi/CommandLineParser/wiki/Ejemplo-b%C3%A1sico)
* [Example with Checkers and Formatters](https://github.com/tresvi/CommandLineParser/wiki/Ejemplo-con-uso-de-Checkers-y-Formatters)

## How It Works

CommandLineParser uses .NET Reflection to:
1. Inspect class properties and their attributes
2. Determine parameter types and validation rules
3. Parse command-line arguments
4. Validate values according to attribute rules
5. Populate the target object instance

This approach eliminates the need for manual parsing and validation code.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

[Specify your license here]

## Links and References

* The Art of UNIX Programming - Eric S. Raymond
* [POSIX Utility Conventions](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/basedefs/V1_chap12.html)
* [Linux Standard Options](https://tldp.org/LDP/abs/html/standard-options.html)
* [GNU Command-Line Interface Standards](https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/html_node/Command_002dLine-Interfaces.html)
* [.NET Core CLI Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-run)

---

**Note:** For Spanish documentation, see [README-es.md](README-es.md)

Commit message:

Enhance exception handling section in README
Clarify exception handling details in README.

README.md, after:

# CommandLineParser

A powerful and intuitive .NET library for parsing command-line arguments with minimal code. CommandLineParser simplifies command-line interface development by using attributes to define parameters, their validation rules, and automatic help generation.

## Features

* **Declarative Parameter Definition**: Define parameters using attributes on class properties
* **Automatic Type Conversion**: Supports all primitive types, nullable types, DateTime, enums, and custom formatting
* **Enum Support**: Native enum parsing with automatic name matching (case-insensitive) and numeric index support, with optional custom value mapping
* **Built-in Validation**: Comprehensive validation attributes for common scenarios (email, IP addresses, file/directory existence, regex patterns, enumerated values)
* **Verb Support**: Implement Git-like verb commands (e.g., `git commit`, `git push`) with separate parameter sets per verb
* **Default Verbs**: Define a default verb that executes when no verb is specified
* **Parameter Dependencies**: Define required and incompatible parameter relationships
* **Automatic Help Generation**: Generate help text automatically using `--help`, `-h`, `/?`, or `-help`
* **Specific Exceptions**: Typed exceptions with clear, descriptive error messages for easy troubleshooting
* **Standard Conventions**: Follows Linux/Unix command-line conventions, compatible with .NET Core CLI tools

## Compatibility

Built on [.NET Standard 2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/net-standard?tabs=net-standard-2-0), CommandLineParser is compatible with:

| Implementation | Framework Version |
| -------------- | ----------------- |
| .NET Framework | 4.6.1, 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1, 4.7.2, 4.8 |
| .NET and .NET Core | 2.0, 2.1, 2.2, 3.0, 3.1, 5.0, 6.0 and later |

## Installation

Install via NuGet:

```bash
dotnet add package Tresvi.CommandLineParser
```

Or using Package Manager:

```powershell
Install-Package Tresvi.CommandLineParser
```

## Quick Start

### Basic Example

```csharp
using Tresvi.CommandParser;
using Tresvi.CommandParser.Attributtes.Keywords;

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("inputfile", 'i', true, "Input file to process")]
    public string InputFile { get; set; }

    [Option("outputfile", 'o', false, "Output file path")]
    public string OutputFile { get; set; }

    [Flag("verbose", 'v', "Enable verbose output")]
    public bool Verbose { get; set; }
}

class Program
{
    static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        try
        {
            Parameters parameters = CommandLine.Parse<Parameters>(args);
            
            Console.WriteLine($"Processing: {parameters.InputFile}");
            if (parameters.Verbose)
                Console.WriteLine("Verbose mode enabled");
        }
        catch (Exception ex)
        {
            Console.WriteLine($"Error: {ex.Message}");
        }
    }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --inputfile "C:\data\input.txt" --outputfile "C:\data\output.txt" --verbose
# or
myProgram.exe -i "C:\data\input.txt" -o "C:\data\output.txt" -v
```

### Verbs Example (Git-like Commands)

```csharp
using Tresvi.CommandParser;
using Tresvi.CommandParser.Attributtes.Keywords;

[Verb("commit", "Record changes to the repository")]
public class Commit
{
    [Option("message", 'm', true, "Commit message")]
    public string Message { get; set; }

    [Flag("amend", 'a', "Amend previous commit")]
    public bool Amend { get; set; }
}

[Verb("push", "Update remote refs along with associated objects", isDefault: true)]
public class Push
{
    [Option("remote", 'r', false, "Remote repository name")]
    public string Remote { get; set; } = "origin";
}

class Program
{
    static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        try
        {
            object result = CommandLine.Parse(args, typeof(Commit), typeof(Push));
            
            if (result is Commit commit)
            {
                Console.WriteLine($"Committing: {commit.Message}");
            }
            else if (result is Push push)
            {
                Console.WriteLine($"Pushing to: {push.Remote}");
            }
        }
        catch (Exception ex)
        {
            Console.WriteLine($"Error: {ex.Message}");
        }
    }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe commit -m "Initial commit"
myProgram.exe push --remote upstream
myProgram.exe --remote upstream  # Uses default verb (push)
```

## Terminology

### Options
Parameters that accept a value. Can be required or optional. Use long name (prefixed with `--`) or short name (prefixed with `-`).

**Example:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --inputfile "C:\Temp\input.txt"
# or
myProgram.exe -i "C:\Temp\input.txt"
```

### Flags
Boolean parameters that don't require a value. When present, the property is set to `true`; otherwise, `false`.

**Example:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --recursive
# or
myProgram.exe -r
```

### Verbs
Commands that change the program's behavior mode. Each verb has its own class with associated Options and Flags. Similar to Git commands (`git commit`, `git push`, etc.).

**Example:**
```bash
git commit -m "This is a commit"
git add -A
```

In these examples, `commit` and `add` are verbs. The first has an Option `-m`, and the second has a Flag `-A`.

**Note:** All terms are **case-sensitive**.

## Validation Attributes

CommandLineParser provides several built-in validation attributes:

### File and Directory Validation
- `[FileExists]` - Validates that a file exists
- `[FileNotExists]` - Validates that a file does not exist
- `[DirectoryExists]` - Validates that a directory exists
- `[DirectoryNotExists]` - Validates that a directory does not exist

### Format Validation
- `[EmailValidation]` - Validates email address format
- `[IPValidation]` - Validates IP addresses (IPv4/IPv6, with optional port)
- `[RegexValidation]` - Validates using regular expressions
- `[EnumeratedValidation]` - Validates against a list of allowed values

### Enum Mapping
- `[EnumMap]` - Maps custom input values to enum values (allows aliases and custom names)

### Example with Validation

```csharp
public class Parameters
{
    [FileExists]
    [Option("config", 'c', true, "Configuration file path")]
    public string ConfigFile { get; set; }

    [EmailValidation]
    [Option("email", 'e', true, "Administrator email")]
    public string Email { get; set; }

    [EnumeratedValidation(new[] { "dev", "test", "prod" }, caseSensitive: false)]
    [Option("environment", 'e', false, "Environment (dev, test, prod)")]
    public string Environment { get; set; }
}
```

## Enum Support

CommandLineParser provides native support for enum types with automatic parsing and optional custom mapping.

### Basic Enum Usage

Enums are automatically detected and parsed. You can use enum names (case-insensitive) or numeric indices:

```csharp
public enum LogLevel
{
    Debug,
    Info,
    Warning,
    Error
}

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("level", 'l', false, "Logging level")]
    public LogLevel LogLevel { get; set; }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --level Info
myProgram.exe --level info        # Case-insensitive
myProgram.exe --level 1           # Numeric index
```

### Nullable Enums

Nullable enums are fully supported for optional parameters:

```csharp
public enum Environment
{
    Development,
    Staging,
    Production
}

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("env", 'e', false, "Target environment")]
    public Environment? Environment { get; set; }
}
```

### Custom Enum Mapping

Use `[EnumMap]` to define custom input values that map to enum values. This is useful for aliases or when you want to accept different names than the enum members:

```csharp
public enum OutputFormat
{
    Json,
    Xml,
    Csv,
    Yaml
}

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("format", 'f', false, "Output format")]
    [EnumMap("json", OutputFormat.Json)]
    [EnumMap("xml", OutputFormat.Xml)]
    [EnumMap("csv", OutputFormat.Csv)]
    [EnumMap("j", OutputFormat.Json)]  // Short alias
    [EnumMap("x", OutputFormat.Xml)]   // Short alias
    public OutputFormat Format { get; set; }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --format json
myProgram.exe --format j           # Short alias
myProgram.exe --format JSON        # Case-insensitive
```

**Note:** When `[EnumMap]` is used, only the mapped values are accepted. The automatic enum name parsing is disabled for that property.

### Enums with Custom Numeric Values

Enums with custom numeric values are fully supported:

```csharp
public enum Priority
{
    Low = 1,
    Medium = 5,
    High = 10,
    Critical = 99
}

public class Parameters
{
    [Option("priority", 'p', false, "Priority level")]
    public Priority Priority { get; set; }
}
```

**Usage:**
```bash
myProgram.exe --priority High
myProgram.exe --priority 10        # Numeric value
myProgram.exe --priority 1          # Numeric value
```

### Combining Enums with Validation

You can combine enum properties with `[EnumeratedValidation]` to restrict which enum values are accepted:

```csharp
public class Parameters
{
    [Option("level", 'l', false, "Logging level")]
    [EnumeratedValidation(new[] { "Debug", "Info", "Warning" })]
    public LogLevel LogLevel { get; set; }
}
```

This restricts the `LogLevel` to only `Debug`, `Info`, or `Warning` (rejecting `Error`).

## Parameter Relationships

### Required Parameters
Define that one parameter requires another:

```csharp
[Option("output", 'o', false, "Output file")]
[Requires(nameof(Input))]
public string Output { get; set; }

[Option("input", 'i', false, "Input file")]
public string Input { get; set; }
```

### Incompatible Parameters
Define that parameters cannot be used together:

```csharp
[Option("output", 'o', false, "Output file")]
[IncompatibleWith(nameof(Overwrite), nameof(Append))]
public string Output { get; set; }

[Flag("overwrite", 'w', "Overwrite existing file")]
[IncompatibleWith(nameof(Append))]
public bool Overwrite { get; set; }

[Flag("append", 'a', "Append to file")]
public bool Append { get; set; }
```

## Exception Handling

CommandLineParser throws specific exceptions for different error scenarios and all of them are descendant from the same base exception "CommandParserBaseException". You can catch this base exception or could catch the specific exception if you like. The detailed exceptions are:

- `UnknownParameterException` - Unknown parameter provided
- `RequiredParameterNotFoundException` - Required parameter missing
- `ValueNotFoundException` - Parameter value missing
- `MultiInvocationParameterException` - Parameter used multiple times
- `MultiDefinitionParameterException` - Duplicate parameter definition
- `ParseValueException` - Value cannot be parsed or converted to the target type (e.g., invalid enum value)
- `InvalidFormatException` - Format validation failed
- `InvalidEmailAddressException` - Email validation failed
- `InvalidIPAddressException` - IP validation failed
- `IncompatibleParametersException` - Incompatible parameters used together
- And more...

**Example:**
```csharp
try
{
    Parameters parameters = CommandLine.Parse<Parameters>(args);
}
catch (RequiredParameterNotFoundException ex)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Missing required parameter: {ex.Message}");
}
catch (InvalidEmailAddressException ex)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Invalid email: {ex.Message}");
}
catch (CommandParserBaseException ex)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Parser error: {ex.Message}");
}
```

## Automatic Help Generation

Help is automatically generated when using standard help flags:

```bash
myProgram.exe --help
myProgram.exe -h
myProgram.exe /?
myProgram.exe -help
```

The help text lists all verbs (if using verbs), parameters, their types, whether they're required, and their descriptions.

## Examples

* [Basic Example](https://github.com/tresvi/CommandLineParser/wiki/Ejemplo-b%C3%A1sico)
* [Example with Checkers and Formatters](https://github.com/tresvi/CommandLineParser/wiki/Ejemplo-con-uso-de-Checkers-y-Formatters)

## How It Works

CommandLineParser uses .NET Reflection to:
1. Inspect class properties and their attributes
2. Determine parameter types and validation rules
3. Parse command-line arguments
4. Validate values according to attribute rules
5. Populate the target object instance

This approach eliminates the need for manual parsing and validation code.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

[Specify your license here]

## Links and References

* The Art of UNIX Programming - Eric S. Raymond
* [POSIX Utility Conventions](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/basedefs/V1_chap12.html)
* [Linux Standard Options](https://tldp.org/LDP/abs/html/standard-options.html)
* [GNU Command-Line Interface Standards](https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/html_node/Command_002dLine-Interfaces.html)
* [.NET Core CLI Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-run)

---

**Note:** For Spanish documentation, see [README-es.md](README-es.md)
